How did your football career progress then after not being the goalie for Merthyr?
Fine. Played for the school team in Cantonian.
Also played for the rugby team as well the first fifteen.
But I reckon it was because when I was seventeen I was the only one who had a car.
So rather than pick somebody else and have to get everybody over there on a bus,
they took advantage of me being able to ferry because rugby wasn't my sport.
But I ended up playing for Cardiff Schools as a goalkeeper apart from the school team.
And you played for the Maccabees as well?
Yes, I was fortunate enough to play for Great Britain Maccabee as well in various tournaments,
be them in London, Brussels.
Can you tell me about the Maccabee team in Cardiff then?
Yes, we had a Maccabee team.
I used to play on a Sunday in the Sunday league.
No, I think originally played just friendlies.
And then had the opportunity of participating in the Maccabee league in London,
which was very onerous. It was the days before the M4 was built.
And every fortnight we would go up to London and play in very good places like Hackney Marshes.
Very joyous. But they were great, great fun.
And that lasted for about four or five years.
How did you get to London?
On a coach, on a coach.
And it wasn't just London, there was a team south end and Brighton were in it as well.
So it was quite a long day to say the least. But great fun.
And you were just playing on Sundays?
Yes, very much so. Just on Sunday.
Did you have a professional manager at that time?
Oh yes. All different ones. Cardiff City players. Quite a number, well known at the time.
There was a guy called Ronnie Bird, a very good favourite of the Jewish community.
Steve Derrott, who ended up playing for Wales.
A guy called Roger Hoy.
We ensured that if we had a coach, he had to be one of the professionals at Cardiff.
Do you know how Maccabi's club was run? Who organised it, who ran it?
Well in the end, me to a certain extent.
But initially when I played, I was one of the youngest playing.
And we had a Jewish manager, Leslie Feldman, apart from the coaches.
We didn't have any club premises as such.
So it was all phone calls or meetings in people's houses.
But it ran and it was on a shoestring. But good fun.
I've seen the minutes when a Maccabi club, there was a reference in there to an altercation between a manager and a referee.
Apparently so, yes.
Were you around at that time?
Vaguely.
I was on the outside at the time, I think it was only 14 or 15.
So I was a little bit young to be involved with it.
But what I do remember is that his behaviour wasn't acceptable.
And he was sacked from being our manager, which considering he wasn't paid, it was a bit of a financial loss to him.
On another theme, on a personal basis, what interesting happened with me was we had this one manager, Ronnie Byrd, who played for what was known as the charity team made up of exporting people.
And on one Sunday morning we're playing a local Maccabi game now in the local Sunday league.
He had to go off because he's playing this football match against, I'm not quite sure, anyway he was playing for this, ex-professionals etc.
And when I got home from playing our game, my wife told me there was a phone call from Ronnie, they needed a goalkeeper, would I go and help out?
So I went down to this local private pitch and there were people there like Barry John and Gareth Edwards, ex-Wales rugby internationals.
And I was asked to play with them.
I can remember the match was kicked off by a girl called Helen Morgan who had previous year been from Pernaf who was the current Miss World, although she got sacked from it because it transpired.
She was an unmarried mother and that went against the rules.
But following from that, I regularly played for a couple of years while this team still existed.
I was the non-famous one who engulfed for them playing with people like Gareth Edwards, Tommy David, Barry John, Lyn Davies, Lyn O'Leep.
It was a wonderful experience but highly embarrassing when people would walk up to me and say, can I have your autograph, who are you?
But that was the highlight of my football career.
And that was charity matches.
Very much so, yes.
Tell me about how you got to play for the National Maccabee team.
We played in the Maccabee League and we had a particular Maccabee Cup game one year where we played a team called NAL, Maccabee Association of London, from London.
We played them in Cardiff.
Their manager happened to be the manager of the National Maccabee team, a guy called Barnett, John Barnett.
Although we lost 5-1 in Maccabee, I also played outfield.
I was a defender as well, apart from a goalkeeper.
I was playing centre half that day and he saw me.
He had me selected for the national team, which was a great honour and great fun.
In fact it was quite unique because the first international tournament we went to in Brussels, the team was made up of MAL players, his team and Scottish players in the main, and me as well.
So that was good.
Who would they play then, the national team? They were playing competitions?
Yes, we played that European tournament. In fact one year we won it, playing teams from all over Europe.
The other Jewish teams?
Oh very much so, yes.